Hey, it's your Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
Everyone, what day is 14th of March?
Hmm, hmm!
That's right!
It's White Day, White Day!
Everyone received their chocolate from me, right?
You did, right?
That means you have to return your gift for me.
But you don't know the things I want, right?
That's why I will tell you about the five things I want the most right now.
Because it's White Day, so I'm going to show you my 'white' self!
Number five!
Furniture!
Do you remember?
You're sick of this white background, right?
I want some furniture.
A bed just for display or sleeping on...
Decorative shuttlecocks?
I want those that you can hang for display.
And I want sofa and television!
How about that?
It's alright if you want to create the models for those and send them to me.
And number four!
A pet!
I want a pet!
Like Techi-Techi I drew the other day, is no one making it?
It's White Day...
So will someone create it for me?
Well, I'm basically all by myself.
So if I have a pet, after editing and...
Get it?
The exhaustion after making this kinds of videos?
Well, it's going to make me feel better?
I appreciate your comments from the human world,
but if I have a pet, maybe I'll feel even better? Like that?
Now, let's go for the top three you've been waiting for!
Number three!
Comments.
I want your comments!
You've been commenting, right?
It really cheers me up!
Makes me think "Oh, I'm quite popular."
Accepting criticism with an open heart.
And be happy for the entertained.
I'm pretty happy to be connected with all of you!
That's why, because it's White Day...
I would be happy for those who usually don't comment to do so!
Like that...
And number two!
I want likes.
It's there under the video.
Like or dislike.
I want likes!
When I look at some kind of a YouTube ranking,
there's also a like-dislike ratio!
If I get more likes,
maybe more people will watch?
Like that?
Well, I'm not missing out on you who are already watching.
But I want to connect to even more people.
So for those who usually...
Even for those who clicks on the dislike button,
just for today!
Maybe you'll click on the Like button this time?
No dislikes! Is that a thing?
I'm not pretending, I'm really not!
Because I said that, now it seems like I'm pretending.
But no pretense to this.
I think it would be awesome if all of it are likes!
Now, let's go for the thing I wish the most!
They are fans like you!
Rather than calling it a wish,
but it's honestly not like I don't need anything.
But for the return gift, you fans are enough!
From now on, you can watch my videos
and check me around on Twitter.
I think it's great to be able to connect with lots of people.
It would be the greatest return gift if you would stay as my fan!
How was this White Ai-chan?
I said it myself!
If I said it, maybe it won't be 'white' anymore?
For rankings, I was thinking if I needed.
money, position, or fame.
But at least for this White Day, I want to go for it 'white' and clean!
But it's true!
It's true that I love every single one of you!
So please keep supporting me from now on!
♪ ♪ ♪